How many Pokemon have only one type? In other words, for how many Pokemon is Type2 blank?
What is the most common type? Include both Type1 and Type2 in your count.
What Pokemon has the highest HP statistic?
Excluding Pokemon that are either Mega or Legendary, what Pokemon has the highest Defense statistic?
Among Legendary Pokemon, what is the most common type? Include both Type1 and Type2 in your count.
In terms of the sum of all six stats (HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, and Speed), what is the weakest Legendary Pokemon? If there is a tie, list any of the tying Pokemon.
In terms of the sum of all six stats (HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, and Speed), what is the strongest non-Legendary, non-Mega Pokemon? If there is a tie, list any of the tying Pokemon.
What type has the highest average Speed statistic? Include both Type1 and Type2 in your calculation.
Rounded to the nearest integer, what is that highest average Speed statistic? Include both Type1 and Type2 in your calculation.
Among all 7 Pokemon generations, which generation had the highest average sum of all six stats (HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, and Speed)?
Rounded to the nearest integer, how much higher was that statistic than the next-closest generation's average sum of all six stats (HP, Attack, Defense, Special Attack, Special Defense, and Speed)?
Rounded to the nearest integer, how much higher is the average sum of all six stats among Mega Pokemon than their non-Mega versions? Note that Mega Pokemon share the same Number (the first column) as their non-Mega versions, which will allow you to find all Pokemon that have a Mega version.
